ah
it's time to start I'm our worst
enemy I will tell you this only once like this
to hear if it 's negative there's only one
trip you understand
yes
and I do not even know where the
the rest
this is a disaster
what
very well the first rule is shut up and
listen rule number 2
silence the line b of the diagram that
indicates the trajectory of a is located in
thrown at the enemy does for the ninja once
sitting on an enemy at 7 meters
Tall
describes and formulates the trajectory
necessary if it were located in the
points to grow and efe
in a high score if we want to have
Any chance
silence
10 points will be deducted for each
wrong answer those
they will suspend from the street and listen and a
thing more if a candidate suspends the
more test in the whole mouth
but there are other rules that you should know
agree then rule number one
you are all fools
what kind of rules
forgive what happens I have to go to the bayern
I never sent from the earth the brief ten
the file does not exist
those who want a trip to the room
bank bath hand
I also
ah
and life can be the most valuable weapon
in a battle you can determine the success
or failure of a mission there will be occasions
in which you have to risk everything
to obtain it
sorry Sorry sorry
I have to go to the toilet guys and girls
it's time for celebrations
our next instructor although not
A) Yes
ready for the second test